This is a head-gum original.
music
Binorual audio. By what? Binorual audio.
awful to hear you say that word. Binorual?
Yeah. That's the first time you set it normally.
I think two years.
That's the first time you set it normally in two years.
That's really good.
No, it's not my buddy. No, it's our body.
Really?
Is this the same audio?
No, they just started doing ASMR.
Next issue.
Yeah.
This is, it's 919.
We're squeezing this in.
I'm usually not awake before 1030.
When did you go to bed last night?
Midnight.
Oh, that's not bad.
I see. That's good for you.
I did well.
Casey, what time did you go to bed last night?
One?
That's not as, yeah.
One is also early for me.
One would be early for me.
Let's take a quick moment to your quick break.
You sort of actually properly remember the queen.
More and more does not let you rest in peace.
Like me.
I watched.
It was long.
We're in the QD.
I don't know.
I remember how was blind.
But now I see.
You never.
You, um, nobody joined in.
I mean, I'd have public performances of Amazing Grace.
It was Obama.
Yeah.
I remember Obama did that.
And I really sort of stood up as immediately as you started singing.
Yeah.
And he had this, like, look on his face where he was like, I know that this is cool.
Cool.
Yeah.
And I get to finally flex this.
I feel like just past that he's singing for.
I think it was a shooting.
It was quite tragic.
Yeah.
And then he was kind of like a man.
Zing.
I think he was not a shooting.
It was kind of a cool, fun moment.
You're interested.
Bad today.
Yeah.
Underrated.
Everyone else kind of dressed to the nine.
You can't see Casey right now.
But he's maybe the best dressed in the room.
Thank you.
He's got the pearly hat on.
No.
It's definitely Kayla Casey.
Maybe.
Yeah.
But if I wore that exactly, everyone would be like, I'm the worst
rest person.
I'm the worst rest person.
I always did pants.
Nike socks with what are those Doc Martin's slide on boots?
No, those are for sure.
One stones.
Swing.
Silver.
I.
It's the socks ruined by outfit.
If I have.
It's the shoes for me.
Me.
Mine or no.
Your shoes are really bad.
The motion is normal.
I'm a 14 and a half.
Nice.
The socks are also not great.
I could have much bigger your foot is than mine.
That's normal to have it that way.
These are just normal at the issues that we're all the time.
This is a big style of new ish.
They're not great.
The socks actually were a podcast sponsor as was the shirt from the same place.
The shoes are a decade old.
The jacket.
Yes.
These are the colorways.
Dad.
It's bad.
It's not dad.
Dad would be better.
Yeah, like Reebok would be cool.
It's just bad.
Reebok is cool now.
It's been cool.
Yeah.
I feel like if a mirror is wearing the blendstones.
Here would be a cool.
Yeah, that's what she's right now.
Yeah.
Well, no, because then my outfits on a crimpy bed.
I don't think I might work.
Anyways.
I guess at the socks.
Like the socks or the deta shoes sort of a faux pas.
Yeah.
But I feel like your pant color.
God.
That's crazy.
Like.
Um.
I'm just glad we're talking about fashion because all we can
Are just just dragging me about.
Yeah.
I'm already like a capsule wardrobe.
I mean, what?
We were at drink class night.
And he was sitting at the end of the bar on his phone.
Just scrolling through images of capsule wardrobe.
But it's capsule wardrobe.
It's like when you have like 20 pieces within the same like three colors.
And it's the maximum amount of outfits possible.
Like you could choose anything and let it all go together.
So there's no thought to it.
Marty scares the shit out of me.
For bad.
But he also was searching for guns.
It's a long line.
I feel like your wardrobe is kind of a capsule wardrobe.
Yeah.
Where jeans are shorts and then a solid tea.
That's basically accident.
Yeah.
But yeah.
The opposite of how Kayla.
Yes.
She was a little stressed.
Yeah.
I want to be noticed.
But it matches.
And bad I need to be noticed.
I need external validation because I have nothing inside.
What do you think this show is?
Extremely romantic.
Exactly.
Thank you for all the YouTube comments.
I read them.
What?
It's nice that the New York contingent flew in.
Yeah.
Do this in person.
Well, no.
You guys flew in for the headgum happy hour.
Yeah.
Which again is tonight.
Hopefully we made a good show.
I don't know what else to say.
I'm here and I are still currently confused.
This is the show's in less than 10 hours.
Whether we're doing material or just I'm seeing.
Here I'm seeing.
And then maybe some product work.
Yeah.
Time up top.
We have the run of show.
And you've seen the run of show.
But are we individually performing between comics or we are all three of us in between.
All three of us.
You'll be sitting on stools at the side of the stage.
But if we're just going on stage to introduce the next comic, it seems to be where
that it's three people sitting down and then introducing.
It seemed like one at a time introducing the comics and then all three of us at the top.
And at the bottom.
You can do it that way if you want to.
And then we don't talk today.
I don't know.
Can you do it like Waldorf and Statler in the Muppets?
Yeah.
Let's sit on the side.
In the distance at the in a balcony somewhere.
Yeah.
But very close to them.
You're heckling them.
Right.
You're you're just tearing in Carmel apart.
Yeah.
I mean, we'll figure it out on the day.
You can definitely heckle.
I'll be tall.
That's true.
Yeah.
I'm sure she'll love that.
I have a shark tank.
We don't want to do it tonight.
Yeah.
I think we need to stand up for you to say.
It could be either.
It's like very loose.
We'll tear it.
Absolutely not.
We can work out now.
No.
I don't want to.
Okay.
Bottom.
That's a promise.
Yeah.
Solstice with.
A terminal equinox.
Yeah.
Was.
Oh, wait.
Went.
Today.
No.
You didn't know.
The solstice was on Wednesday.
Full moon.
I think on.
Right.
No.
That was.
Full moon was like two weeks ago.
I have a really good photo of it.
Which I'm not going to find on my phone.
I was going to take too long.
But it was like.
I was leaving work.
A little probably a little too late.
Actually, maybe those.
The sun.
I'll circle back.
You.
It was a full sun.
It was.
It was like.
But it wasn't because you know like.
Man hat and then like it was that it was on the other side.
So it was the moon for sure.
Long eye on bed.
It's always fun.
to do.
Well, me to take a picture of it.
I was the moon.
Is that orange?
Alright.
Yes.
You can see.
Yeah.
Because it's the hardest moon.
That's why it's a little bit orange.
Yeah.
It's always underwhelming to take a picture of the moon.
But this one actually turned out pretty good.
People stopped that to take photos this was a third street a lot a problem
Perhaps 21st 22nd okay, yeah next time respond fast to what
To me saying like oh 23rd street because otherwise I ended so quickly
Especially for me overlapping dialogue makes the episode faster
All right, let's go
I used to be able to help cut everything on the show. You want to know why we're dropping listeners
It's because I can't edit fast
What's wrong with me?
I was trying to convince like you're a stasis
We're not growing and if we're not growing then honestly, we're not showing up for the network
I'm working my freaking tail off outside of the network. We're trying to get famous so that the numbers show that
We all can make more cash
And it's fucking easy
Get famous
I don't care
It doesn't ultimately matter because we're all on a rock. Yeah, that is
No, he means we're all on cocaine
I'm on I started doing mind bloom. What's that?
Ketamine depression therapy. How's it going? I don't know who I am. So
No, that's where I started from oh I see
Thank you
Oh my god stop is a mess
Oh my dust comes full of gifts
Because I like I've heard there's no gift beyond your laptop. I message so when I want to send a gift react
Right there on the desk. Yeah, I'm you got a folder for that. Sure. I guess like the
It's millennial. It's over. It's over. No, I think they're evergreen because I mean they should be
But they're not they've been they've been called like millennial
Yeah, Gen Z. Well every time I pass both so yeah, every time we post
TikTok everyone comments. Oh, this is millennial humor
This is a direct we've I said some humor
Sorry
Because of you
Year
If it was different here where then they could say was that I'm technically Gen Z. I think I think I think the
Cusp is 95. Yeah, that makes for there's like a window that I'm in but
I'm gonna apologize for finding what I find joyful. Yeah, it's a millennial
Oh, okay, it's a millennial. Yeah
Okay
Everything I am is in between right I'm between two races. I'm called a liminal state
Oh my life is liminal
Honestly my options are limited
I'm a flexible work schedule, but it doesn't matter
Right because you're busy and sad
Even the busy plans. I'm always half-assing every single stream of income. Yeah, every friendship I have
Oh, you're spread too thin. Yes, and you're becoming thin too
Freel. Yeah, you're wasting your way. Yes, in my waist is wasting away right and I love point as any of that stuff like
Upon death. It's not great if you're trying to show ass at 10k
Well, you already check the photo. Yeah, well till death do we sharp because I
Do release your bells when you die. Okay
Here we go. Margot Robbie mortified reported
Set photos from the Barbie movie were released
What why she looks great. Yeah, she's more fight about that. She was yeah
According to the internet
There should be more to fight about yeah, I mean maybe she was like
I assume she's probably produced around the movie
Maybe she was like this is a one-on-one ad for our strategy
Yeah, you want my strategy highly stylized first images, and then it's actually he's
You're going to rob me drinking a lot. Hey. Oh, I was so cool. It wasn't that for sure
It's like I'm friendly. Oh, yeah
I'll fit the current right I'm not saying yeah, so that makes sense
Yeah, they were just like a prize. I'm not like tucking up. Can you for the beach?
Shut up
You
Oh, I thought she was bright-wing colored
Meaning she was wearing a bright-wing pistachio dial chronograph
What were you just saying? I
I think I just had a stroke or maybe you
Most of the last time you guys had a medical emergency KC do you want to start us off?
Yeah last November I broke my hip skateboarding
Plus yeah, did anybody yeah have you
Like physical therapy or
Yeah, yeah, I've been been working on it getting better and it was a hip injury so did you take the traditional
Router did you sort of like fuck it into place?
I fucked it into place
You nailed it
Not one I my medical emergency was that day
It was a previous episode of the podcast so I was bedridden from
Pain oh my back. That's my most recent ever without
Every time
Kayla I was in a pretty scary car accident a year ago. How do you go ER? Come here
We would have been Rhode Island as it happened in New Jersey
Shut up Johnny yeah, thanks a lot Johnny on her and Giata
Oh, who's not like it on the blog today. Oh, go to the gum blog
No, this is pre-ed gum. Yeah, I just left my account and
T-bone head-on collision driving to this read the driver passenger I was a driver a car cut us off
Lost control the car it hit the cement medium and spun out across four lanes of traffic
We're thankfully nobody he does wow in my car was told them wow
Redraving yeah, and then you went to the ER just like make sure everything was okay. Or like you were
I had like burns on my face and shoulder from the airbag and the seatbelt airbag
Holy smokes so scary. What degree burns? I don't know like you know like
Just but it didn't scar no, okay
Did the airbag helper was it just like an annoying hindrance at that time? I think it was pretty helpful
The car did it's jab and we were all safe
You've been in a car the airbag's one off? No
Apparently when I was little I was in a car that did a full 360 turn on landed on the wheels
Well, that's just awesome
When you were what I was little I'm almost driving a van that you don't remember that at all no
Like the car spun over the other car. Oh, we did a 360 turn in there and landed oh my god
And we should say that your mom's car was a cat
That cat bus that's the thing right? Yeah, that's the cat bus
It's like cat
Yeah, I learned in the world but you guys are still alive. Thank you, I'm here
Um, I don't know about an emergency, but when I drive recently my hamstring is tight
And that ain't right
It's about right for your age
Probably this
Major dealer
Oh
Call me third good
That's the major killer
I I feel like it's it's high time for a new nickname for me
Okay, I'm leaning towards third good
I gave you in Slack. What was it? Dr. Cess
That's pretty good. It's pretty good, but it makes me sound like yeah, you're like you like just a weird name
I see okay
Rodney Desmond Desmond so good
Maxwell could be good
Maxwell billiards
I am often in people's cups
Not the best part of waking up
Coffee stain on your socks or those like it's a dirt it's a dirt stains for my
I didn't know dirt could stain oh like you can't wash it out
Didn't know dirt could stay it's like a dust so I thought that that would come out
But nay and these socks are pretty expensive, so do you have like an oxy clean?
I I don't that probably would have taken care of it
Put it in the dryer though. It's done
Cooks it in seven. Yeah, for sure baked into the cake
We do have to take a quick break. Nice. Nice rhyme
Oh, yeah
Now a word from our sponsor better help
Guys, do you ever get stuck focusing on problems instead of solutions?
I mean how might that situation go better with a different mindset, right?
It can be tough to train your brain to stay in problem-solving mode when faced with a challenge in life
But when you learn how to find your own solutions, there's no better feeling and a therapist can help you become a better problem-solver
Making it easier to accomplish your goals no matter how big or small
I've said it once. I'll say it again
I'm in therapy every week
makes my life a lot easier
a lot better
help
No, it does help me show up for those around me
a better way, you know more
Self-actualized version of myself where I know why something bothers me why I'm stressed why I'm in problem-solving mode or not
I highly recommend it everyone with the resources should be in therapy to get to know your self better and
To foster closer relationships around you so if you're thinking of giving therapy a try
Better help is a great option. It's convenient accessible affordable and entirely online
You can get matched with the therapist after filling out a brief survey
And switch therapists at any time
So when you want to be a better problem-solver
Therapy can get you there. Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that to get 10% off your first month again
That's better help HELP.com slash what's that thanks better help
I
Live in the same neighborhood it's harder up
People would hurt me
And I was moving like the next week so thank God
But I do think someone would have done something I've wronged too many people this is veal or no veal
I'm gonna show you guys a photo of a calf
And you tell me whether or not it's veal all right the cutoff for veal is 20 weeks
So
Basically you have to guess whether this calf is veal worthy or not
Is that my time yeah
Okay
Veal or no veal the god. This is depressing. It's pretty good. No veal
The animals like this. So cute. No veal. No veal. I'm gonna say veal
How can you tell
Look at those so flies. They were basically eating puppies. I don't want to play this game
That was veal
Would you guys eat veal to restaurant or would you be like this is too fast? I just I've never had beef
In my life you have beef
But I have beef. I've never eaten beef. What who's your biggest beef with?
You probably
No, it's not you
No
The meat industry maybe like the mayor of New York City
Yeah, I thought it was anyone that went to go see Lee and Michelle's opening performance with plenty of girl
I thought you were soft on that
Meaning I thought you were like been oh we know that's my friend AJ
Somebody completely separate. Yeah. Okay. What does that mean? Well
Oh, it was his take was just that like William Michelle sucks, but she's talented. Yeah, that's so talented also
Uh
Veal or no veal guys come on, but how can you like what are you telling which one was recently killed this one? No, it's not there's two first
So also first we're talking about the brown one. Okay. No veal. No veal
It's not whether they died or not. It's whether they're past the cut off the bear on a week or not more
I see that one looks a little older so I'll say no veal. Yeah, no veal. Correct! How old is that one? How can you tell?
It's it's like five months or something or sorry six months. No. That's very sad. Uh veal or no veal
No veal. It is veal, so we shouldn't eat it. No veal. Really. Yeah, and I'm joeveal
So that toddler cow yields just regular beef is what you're saying. It's tough because it's like
It's gonna what's that between? Yeah, it's like it's it's not gonna be that succulents
But it's gonna be you know some pretty good beef. I think you should have been a ranch Jeff
And move their forever. Yeah, I feel like the vibe that you give off currently just in terms of how you're dressing is like
Open a ranch start a commune type of a thing. Like the Manson thing. Yeah, it's spawn ranch available
I'm wearing like an ox for sure. I don't know what's
Coltty about me today. Maybe it's the socks that are dirty. Why are you looking at her like I'm asking you that?
Yeah, I mean, I think the fact of a socks are dirty, but the boots are like
Pristine as I will just drop them. Also your pants are covered in blood. Really?
You're singing amazing grace. Yeah. Yeah, well, I'm a friend at a musician.
Hmm, that's the beach boys. Yeah, a veal? Oh, I'm sorry. No, I don't know. We should all not eat veal going forward
That's a nice positive outcome of this
Disgusting segment. That's veal though. I'm not killing veal. All right. I'm just doing a segment of is it veal or not?
I'm not taking a stance. What's that? It's got like a little beard. Well, he also has a tag. So it's kind of a
Just waiting for you to show a human calf and ask us if it's veal. Did I have a meal?
My nephew meal is 18 weeks. We still have time. Come on. Wait, is this veal or not? No veal, please.
That's gonna be.
There's our veal.
Veal or no veal? Jesus man. What? This is depressing. I don't think cute animals and cages
bred to be fed. I don't exactly understand what's cute about beef.
It's the animals. Oh, the animals are cute. Yeah, but you know like the meat of them. No veal. Yeah, so looks old
That's veal
Veal or no veal. Yeah, it's so cute. Yeah, that's all bowl and his neck
No veal. That's no veal. That's a pear. That's for sure. That's not veal.
It's older than 20 weeks. Yeah, stop showing this. It's just growing in a person's yard. It does make me stop and think
Should I be eating veal four to five times a week? Oh my god, that's a lot. What? It's too much. Yeah
People eat fish every year
He's got a point. We should be here. Oh, stop. Veal or no veal?
Honestly on the verge of teal. What's that?
I'm the verge of teal. I'm wondering if I should paint my closet or
On the verge of teal
That's a deal for sure
Not
What are you guys doing? Veal or no veal? No veal. Really? It's a jovial
This is jovial
Not veal
I'm making no veal. He's don't kill my
Different game come on. Stop it. Let's come up with one. It's not this. What's that now? Can we just play a different game?
We
Not like that. The X factor. We have all of your ex-girlfriend. That's really good. I don't know.
Or we could just go full name by full name and just name the most positive thing about them. Okay, but just keep
Scanning through. What is what are my ex's ex factors? Yeah, great. But we have to constitute. Okay,
This is a killer original. We have to constitute what what's an X? Is that you dated gamefully? Is that you
Just had some kind of romantic encounter is that you consider to be an X? Exactly. Why is everybody angry at me?
I'm looking at baby cats
Wait, which those are these?
Move on man. Yeah, you do have very baby cats. They're not very shapely. It's as fangles. It is the fangles.
That was veal or no veal. Sorry guys
It's the people. I guess we should all. Yeah, good mess. That how those ice?
Glass. I'm wearing headphones. I'm wearing headphones.
Case, would you eat me? I do eat me. I've never had wheel though. You've never had. Okay.
For real. The oral reasons are just never been in the situation. Never been in the situation,
but there's no appeal to eating a veal to me. It's such a weird thing. It's like,
do you want the cuter type of animal to eat? No, I'll just have the right thing to do.
Land depressing. Yeah, I'm a sweet.
You say lamb is children. It's a place I'm at the movie. I thought lamb is just the gender of a sheep or something.
Oh, it's a baby sheep. Really? I didn't know lamb was baby sheep. I thought it was the sheep. Right.
No, it's just sheep. It's kind of like bleeding. How do you feel? How do you feel?
That's how I got one of my ex-girlfriends. I was just like, how do you feel?
First aid in the confidence was what got her staggered. Wow.
All right. You know what? Let's move in the next segment. Let's move in together.
Speaking of commutes. Here we're going. Farm.
Welcome to found footage discussions. Sorry. Found table footage discussions.
Found table footage or found footage table discussions. That's probably better.
The footage is about tables or the discussion is. Neither. It's a round table about found footage. Got it. I see.
Um, Danny Salish just walked in. So these are a couple clips. Taking from a PBS documentary
focused on understanding the late 1960s. The cultural aquarium explosion that was the summer at
love. And I wondered if we could talk about it. Sure. Let's play the clip. All right.
I'm afraid to thought and concerned that the young of any previous generation has come in awareness. But children are real
people within individual personalities. What's in our mind? Children are built different. I can
look at it. Children are real people. Yeah. Children use to smoke back then, right? That's the question.
Our children real people. And if not what age are they real people and don't say, I don't know.
And no, I know. They are real people. Really? But they are dumb until like what age 19 or something.
Like you can tell it by 11 year old anything. They'd be like, okay, I believe you because like that's all he knows.
And that would maybe be an argument for eating meal because the calves haven't gotten to an age
where they're real cows. Count your point. Maybe a mere Justin. Interesting. But I have 11.
But like, I mean, I have a I have a niece who's, you know, 14. I could probably lie to her and get away with it.
She doesn't necessarily know whether or not I'm lying or not.
For. Sorry. That was the bullshit. Yeah. I agree. 14 is like your equivalent to your 19. I would say
for a girl. What about Santa Claus? That lie goes much later in life than I would have thought.
Like you can tell your kids that a magical man is delivering gifts until they're 12.
And they're like, yeah, I mean. Well, he's not magical. He's just a hypercapitalist. I mean, he has
explored in the labor of elves. And that's how he gets it all done. The reindeer thing. That's a lie.
But he could definitely make it happen. Believe in a little magic.
Because it shows that you're not a fully formed critically thinking adult smarty yet.
Maybe you're thinking beyond conventional norms and embracing the unknown. Yeah. But no,
it's because your parents lied to you. Don't let them think of it. I was also thinking about
We have to cut this for ads, but also short. Do you believe in tragedy in my life?
All right. So children are real people. Let's go to Venezuela.
We found out in the 50s that if you've got up in the morning and went to work and did a good
days work, the things got better. Well, you got promoted or you got more money. You were able to buy
furniture. You could have more children. The children could have better clothes and life just improved.
We knew it was because you went to work. But I'm not sure our children realized that. They saw
simply that the clothes got better. The house got bigger. The neighborhood got nicer. And I have
a strong suspicion that what happened in the late 60s was that the kids who rebelled took it for
granted that life would improve automatically. So the question then is does life just improve automatically?
Or is it the product of hard work dedication and absentee parenting? That was the opposite life.
It's worse. Yeah. I mean, I work pretty hard. I just got recognized in this industry. Where?
Or add something. Add exchange rate. Rising star for you. Oh, yes, congratulations.
And I'm still very depressed. But imagine how much sadder you'd be if you didn't get that. No.
I don't know if I can't get much sadder. Sure. I'd be wearing a different color dress. It would be
like a black or a dark blue Macau about that. I have a lot of those wait for October.
But, but does depression negate life being good? Well, it's a existential conversation.
I think yes. Really? For like internally, yes. But holistically. holistically. I mean to outside
like some an outside view or probably not. No, no, no, no. No more experience. Like does the question
is just life improved automatically and we're saying it gets worse. Yes. And then we're saying that
you can be working really hard and still be depressed. Yes. So I guess just life doesn't get better.
No. I say I get more depressed the harder I work. I like this thing. Sure. So it's almost like
you're less hard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To be joyer. You'll be joyer. Yeah. To not have
be, what did you say to be able to buy furniture? And the clothes get better. You said that
it's also weird. I feel like this time period, because they're trying to have the 60s, right? Like
isn't that, but they're time at like in the 60s. Their kids were a bell to whatever, but like
they were a bellion. It was like protesting. Yeah. Like working for something you still. Like
yeah. It's still mattered. Yeah. I'm nostalgic for this decade. I wasn't even alive. But it's like
all that seems great. Like kids are just woodstocks. Imagine a mirror it would start me listening
to Ben Folt on an iPod. What do you think woodstock was? Yeah. That's right. You think that right?
Imagine if the riots at Woodstock 99 had happened during a Ben Folt's five shit set.
Oh, cool. That'd be. Dream be joy. Towers of boys. All right. Now here's a major seat of the 60s.
Because of their profoundly different life experiences, kids had trouble understanding why their
fathers worked so hard. The way many of them saw it, their fathers were engaging in the
single-minded pursuit of material comforts. My dad was always above board in all his business
dealings, but I would say money and getting ahead and making a lot of bucks was his goal.
Does money equal happiness? No. But also, yes. I think yes to a point. You're like this study or
it's like once you make a certain amount of money just like so that you don't have to like stress out
about like shelter and food. Yeah. And then like after that, it doesn't necessarily. And do you know
that number? It's close to a million but not quit. And money does help solve a lot of the
maslow's hierarchy of needs. I think money's oxygen. It's not happiness because when you have it,
you don't think about it and when you don't have it, it's all you can think about. Wow, that's
incredibly profound. Yeah. So. Is that an original thing? No. This fucking guy tearing North
room. I'm not damn it. Even girls who were sent to college often majored in what were called
the domestic sciences. I invented jelly. I want to say a loose jail. There's no way they're going
to use all of that in one sitting. Yeah. Or is that how much bread they made? I think good.
Um, are the, sorry. I was really off top. I was just going to say remember the squirrel jam.
Yes. Yeah. I still go to squirrel. Really? Yeah. I have no idea what you're talking about. Oh,
boy. It was like this hole is an LA restaurant. Very popular. Very popular made there on jam like
to sell online and that sort of thing. And they found out in the kitchen so that there was like a
huge health correlation. There was like people were like scraping mold off the top of these
vats of jam and still using the jam underneath and like, it was wild. What does he have to do with
crazy story? I don't know. It's like the name of the restaurant. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Um,
should people of all genders learn the domestic science? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it's no longer
domestic science. It's just common sense that people should have common science. In high school,
I won the family and consumer science award. Meaning? Because I just took a lot of child
development and culinary and sewing classes for my, for my extra curriculars in the past 60s. That was
like more recent than that. They were still doing college. I grew up in the 60s. Got it.
But I think I think every high school I should have taken like taxes and pancakes. Oh, yeah.
I wish someone taught me about taxes. Yeah. Laundry and Roth IRA. Mm-hmm. If you have to take a
class on Laundry, it's too late. I want to say die, but I have really strong feelings about
people that can't do their own. Did you do Laundry growing up or only once you were in college?
Uh, I think it's a growing up, but like, even in, I don't know, we had a Laundry line for a while.
So we didn't even have a dryer. Oh, wow. It's like kind of stuff that flows on there. Did you all
grow up with like a sign chores to do every week? Yeah. I did. But it's changed every week. But it's also like
a rotate. Look at the machine and a read. Like, should I be hard to do? Okay. I remember learning
in college with spake. Polky items. You guys still separate whites and colors? Yeah. I stopped
doing that. It's fine. Well, I ideal. I didn't when I had to spend money on Laundry because
that's like, like, in terms of going to a laundry man doing it myself, like, I have since the pandemic
just been sending it out to the locals. Yeah. Washing full? Yeah. That was awesome. Yeah. I was awesome
in New York. You just dropped your shit off in a bag and you get it back in a sack. And it's already.
It's like a perfect week. Yeah. I can't go back. Like, I wish that I had laundry in my house. I'd
wash things all the time. I'd be living my best life. But now I wait like three weeks until all my
clothes are gone and just send it with a man. Any brings it back. Did they have that no way?
They do. But it seems incredibly expensive. Like, I have to go to a Laundry mat. And
they offer a wash and hold service. And it's like 40 bucks to do it. Or seven dollars if I do it myself.
Yeah. It's, I mean, yeah, six expensive, which is why I wait. Yeah, but in New York. Very
last night. It was like 20. For a little bit, I guess. That's why I'm asking. Yeah. That's why I don't have
so. I was living in a suitcase. Yes. So it's not bad for you. But having a car like that, I would still
go laundry mat when I, if I had a car and could drive. You know, it's the folding that's really
nice. They like folded in a way that's holding it. Yeah, for sure. I don't even know what they're
doing. Like, how does it end so thin and uniform? I don't know, man. It's crazy. Well, this is why
everybody should be educated in the domestic sciences. Here we go. There was a song when I went to
college. It's Smith College, which they don't sing before I know that had a difference. What's
like this? It's a sharp as a pinpoint. Your grades are really 10 point. You are deansless
sapphire Smith. But when a man wants a kiss kid, he doesn't want a kiss kid. Oh, you can't get
a man with your brains with your brains. With your brains. Oh, you can't get a man with your brains.
And it had verses that went on and on. First of all, the song is garbage. Good brain.
Oh, you can't get a brain with your man. That way. I'm going to bring it in there, man.
Yeah, she can't get a brain. The question is thus. Yes. Shoot a mirror cover this. I had
good map here already. No way. No. Like sing the song. Yeah. No context. He doesn't have the background.
You don't have the chords. He doesn't have the gall. I don't know the glasses. Although I do kind of
resemble that lady. I can see it. Yeah. That's your view into Smith.
I had towards Smith. I don't remember if I applied to Smith. No, I didn't apply.
If I applied to see a song and you were like, I was like, it's kind of going off. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Five Carlton's version. Classic. And a big fan of their dean of social work school. She's
been my dean. Well, you and you, she okay. My dean. My dean. My dean. My dean. My dean. My dean.
What was the question? The question was, should you cover this song and check the map here? Oh, yeah.
I don't think so. Okay. The font sticks while I carry it. Plugs. When you guys have
going on, we got to get out of here. A little rail has a record. Yeah. I will plug my Twitter at
Jepweready. 149 away from 10,000. Wow. You're so close to showing the whole thing. You don't have
to do that. It's a logistical thing at this point, because I don't want to have to do an only
fan situation. I'm going to have to set up a fucking tax corporate. Like, I already have, sorry,
a loan out corporation. I can't tie that with adult imagery. I don't know what the legality
is there. Review review turns into also an only fan for you. Well, I love that. I want to
do an episode of this show called Jeff on porn. Like, girls on porn. Yeah. You should just go on
girls on porn. I would love that. Nobody's like an aspect. Yeah. I'll feel like that. It was
very possible for you. Well, what would the theme be? I think you can choose probably. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, you, you reveal the one of your fetishes on the show. Did I? Yeah. What did I say?
It wasn't. I need to say it with a straight kiss. Oh my god. It was a
win in porn. Someone moves underwear to the side. I do remember that. No, that wasn't in porn.
That was in life. That was in white. That was in white.
Plugs. My Twitter is Marie Gailon. As was my Instagram and my letter box would love to go.
Those followers up. Please follow me. I'm very funny. I post great memes. Um, and if you don't
follow me, you're mean. You're mean. You're mean. I'm no longer going to be eating
veal, which is kind of cool. Not really a plug, but I guess shout out to the adult cows that have
another thing coming. I'm doubling down. I'm just normal double. Ground Angus Chuck for breakfast
noon and night. Go last fall through the ceiling. Follow me on. I don't know.
TikTok, I guess. Yeah. Be real. Putting my, I'm not on the real actually.
Follow me Instagram and Twitter. Caleb, I'm already.
We really want some more Twitter followers for Gumball a fan. Follow Gumball. So please do it.
Also, isn't the pit wall. Yeah. Yeah. It's not the pit wall. Yeah. And Jeff. Yeah. And Jake and
Pile. Is that your porn podcast? Mm. Are you taking a photo of Marieka? I'm doing my be real. I'm
being real. Oh, I saw it happened when I said that. Yeah. It's not. I got a new another one.
Oh, but he is taking a photo of me because it's him. Right. I don't like this. There we go.
It's what's being real. You can't do it more than once. Well. And with that.
That was a hit dumb original.